Add link to methods in yaml selector docs (#2649)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/yaml-selectors.md

### Full YAML

> This is the most thorough syntax, which can include graph and set operators. Checkout the list of available [methods](methods).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the most thorough syntax, which can include graph and set operators. 

Review [methods](/reference/node-selection/methods) for the entire list of available.  
```

### Full YAML

This is the most thorough syntax, which can include graph and set operators. 

> Review [methods](/reference/node-selection/methods) for the entire list of available.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review [methods](/reference/node-selection/methods) for the available list.
```
